docs/content/docs/en/components/ui-components/chat/sender.mdx, before:

---
title: ChatSender
description: Message sender component
---

import { PropsTable, EventsTable, SlotsTable, MethodsTable } from '@/components/docs/api-table';

# ChatSender

Message input and send component, supports text input, file upload, voice recording.

## Usage in Vue

```vue
<template>
  <ChatSender
    :is-stream-load="isLoading"
    @send="handleSend"
    @stop="handleStop"
  />
</template>
```

## Usage in HTML/React or Other Frameworks

```html
<div id="containerId"></div>
<script>
ADPChatComponent.ChatSender.mount('#containerId', {
  isStreamLoad: false,
  onSend: (value, fileList) => {},
  onStop: () => {}
})
</script>
```

## API

<PropsTable data={[
  { name: 'modelOptions', type: 'any[]', default: '[]', description: 'Model options' },
  { name: 'selectModel', type: 'any', description: 'Selected model' },
  { name: 'isDeepThinking', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Enable deep thinking mode' },
  { name: 'isStreamLoad', type: 'boolean', default: 'false', description: 'Whether streaming' },
  { name: 'isMobile', type: 'boolean', default: 'false', description: 'Whether mobile' },
  { name: 'theme', type: "'light' | 'dark'", default: "'light'", description: 'Theme mode' },
  { name: 'i18n', type: 'object', description: 'i18n text' },
  { name: 'enableVoiceInput', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Enable voice input (controlled by system config)' },
]} />

### i18n Defaults

```typescript
{
  placeholder: 'Enter your question',
  placeholderMobile: 'Enter',
  uploadImg: 'Upload image',
  startRecord: 'Start recording',
  stopRecord: 'Stop recording',
  answering: 'Answering...',
  notSupport: 'Unsupported file format',
  uploadError: 'Upload failed',
  recordTooLong: 'Recording too long',
  asrServiceFailed: 'ASR service failed',
  recordFailed: 'Recording failed'
}
```

<EventsTable data={[
  { name: 'stop', description: 'Stop generation' },
  { name: 'send', params: '(value, fileList)', description: 'Send message' },
  { name: 'modelChange', params: 'option', description: 'Change model' },
  { name: 'toggleDeepThinking', description: 'Toggle deep thinking mode' },
  { name: 'uploadFile', params: 'File[]', description: 'Upload file' },
  { name: 'startRecord', description: 'Start recording' },
  { name: 'stopRecord', description: 'Stop recording' },
  { name: 'message', params: '(type, message)', description: 'Message tip' },
]} />

<MethodsTable data={[
  { name: 'changeSenderVal', params: '(value, files)', description: 'Change input content' },
  { name: 'addFile', params: 'file', description: 'Add file to list' },
  { name: 'setRecording', params: 'value', description: 'Set recording state' },
  { name: 'updateInputValue', params: 'value', description: 'Update input value' },
]} />

Commit message:

fix(client): add missing English translations for recording failure error prompts

docs/content/docs/en/components/ui-components/chat/sender.mdx, after:

---
title: ChatSender
description: Message sender component
---

import { PropsTable, EventsTable, SlotsTable, MethodsTable } from '@/components/docs/api-table';

# ChatSender

Message input and send component, supports text input, file upload, voice recording.

## Usage in Vue

```vue
<template>
  <ChatSender
    :is-stream-load="isLoading"
    @send="handleSend"
    @stop="handleStop"
  />
</template>
```

## Usage in HTML/React or Other Frameworks

```html
<div id="containerId"></div>
<script>
ADPChatComponent.ChatSender.mount('#containerId', {
  isStreamLoad: false,
  onSend: (value, fileList) => {},
  onStop: () => {}
})
</script>
```

## API

<PropsTable data={[
  { name: 'modelOptions', type: 'any[]', default: '[]', description: 'Model options' },
  { name: 'selectModel', type: 'any', description: 'Selected model' },
  { name: 'isDeepThinking', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Enable deep thinking mode' },
  { name: 'isStreamLoad', type: 'boolean', default: 'false', description: 'Whether streaming' },
  { name: 'isMobile', type: 'boolean', default: 'false', description: 'Whether mobile' },
  { name: 'theme', type: "'light' | 'dark'", default: "'light'", description: 'Theme mode' },
  { name: 'i18n', type: 'object', description: 'i18n text' },
  { name: 'enableVoiceInput', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Enable voice input (controlled by system config)' },
]} />

### i18n Defaults

```typescript
{
  placeholder: 'Enter your question',
  placeholderMobile: 'Enter',
  uploadImg: 'Upload image',
  startRecord: 'Start recording',
  stopRecord: 'Stop recording',
  answering: 'Answering...',
  notSupport: 'Unsupported file format',
  uploadError: 'Upload failed',
  recordTooLong: 'Recording too long',
  asrServiceFailed: 'ASR service failed',
  recordFailed: 'Recording failed',
  chromeSecurityError: 'Chrome requires localhost, 127.0.0.1 or HTTPS to access recording',
  browserNotSupport: 'Browser does not support recording, please upgrade or use Chrome',
  audioContextNotSupport: 'Browser does not support AudioContext',
  webAudioApiNotSupport: 'Browser does not support Web Audio API',
  mediaStreamSourceNotSupport: 'MediaStreamSource is not supported'
}
```

<EventsTable data={[
  { name: 'stop', description: 'Stop generation' },
  { name: 'send', params: '(value, fileList)', description: 'Send message' },
  { name: 'modelChange', params: 'option', description: 'Change model' },
  { name: 'toggleDeepThinking', description: 'Toggle deep thinking mode' },
  { name: 'uploadFile', params: 'File[]', description: 'Upload file' },
  { name: 'startRecord', description: 'Start recording' },
  { name: 'stopRecord', description: 'Stop recording' },
  { name: 'message', params: '(type, message)', description: 'Message tip' },
]} />

<MethodsTable data={[
  { name: 'changeSenderVal', params: '(value, files)', description: 'Change input content' },
  { name: 'addFile', params: 'file', description: 'Add file to list' },
  { name: 'setRecording', params: 'value', description: 'Set recording state' },
  { name: 'updateInputValue', params: 'value', description: 'Update input value' },
]} />
