docs/content/docs/en/components/init/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Init Component
description: Dynamically mount chat component using the init method
---

import { PropsTable, EventsTable } from '@/components/docs/api-table';

Use the `init` method to dynamically mount the chat component to any DOM container, suitable for all scenarios requiring dynamic chat interface creation.

```typescript
ADPChatComponent.init(container?: string, config?: ChatConfig)
```

### Parameters

| Parameter | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| container | `string` | `'body'` | CSS selector for mount container |
| config | `ChatConfig` | - | Configuration options |

### Return Value

Returns Vue component instance for subsequent operations.

## ChatConfig Options

<PropsTable data={[
  { name: 'container', type: 'string', default: "'body'", description: 'Mount container selector' },
  { name: 'apiConfig', type: 'ApiConfig', description: 'HTTP request config, extends AxiosRequestConfig' },
  { name: 'theme', type: "'light' | 'dark'", default: "'light'", description: 'Theme mode' },
  { name: 'user', type: 'UserInfo', default: '{}', description: 'User info' },
  { name: 'logoUrl', type: 'string', default: "''", description: 'Logo image URL' },
  { name: 'logoTitle', type: 'string', default: "''", description: 'Logo title text' },
  { name: 'isOverlay', type: 'boolean', default: 'false', description: 'Overlay mode: true-use width/height as floating panel, false-fill container' },
  { name: 'isSidePanelOverlay', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Whether sidebar uses overlay mode (overlay content area)' },
  { name: 'width', type: 'string | number', default: '400', description: 'Width (only when isOverlay is true)' },
  { name: 'height', type: 'string | number', default: "'640'", description: 'Height (only when isOverlay is true)' },
  { name: 'isOpen', type: 'boolean', description: 'Whether panel is open' },
  { name: 'onOpenChange', type: '(isOpen: boolean) => void', description: 'Panel open state change callback' },
  { name: 'showCloseButton', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Show close button' },
  { name: 'showOverlayButton', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Show overlay toggle button' },
  { name: 'onOverlayChange', type: '(isOverlay: boolean) => void', description: 'Overlay toggle callback (triggered when user clicks overlay button)' },
  { name: 'showToggleButton', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Show floating toggle button' },
  { name: 'maxAppLen', type: 'number', default: '4', description: 'Max application display count' },
  { name: 'currentApplication', type: 'Application', description: 'Currently selected application' },
  { name: 'currentApplicationId', type: 'string', description: 'Currently selected application ID (higher priority than currentApplication)' },
  { name: 'currentConversation', type: 'ChatConversation', description: 'Currently selected conversation' },
  { name: 'currentConversationId', type: 'string', description: 'Currently selected conversation ID (higher priority than currentConversation)' },
  { name: 'aiWarningText', type: 'string', default: "'AI generated content'", description: 'AI warning text' },
  { name: 'languageOptions', type: 'LanguageOption[]', default: 'zh/en', description: 'Language options list' },
  { name: 'sideI18n', type: 'SideI18n', description: 'Sidebar i18n text' },
  { name: 'chatI18n', type: 'ChatI18n', description: 'Chat i18n text' },
  { name: 'chatItemI18n', type: 'ChatItemI18n', description: 'ChatItem i18n text' },
  { name: 'senderI18n', type: 'SenderI18n', description: 'Sender i18n text' },
]} />

## i18n Configuration

### sideI18n

```typescript
{
  more?: string           // More
  collapse?: string       // Collapse
  today?: string          // Today
  recent?: string         // Recent
  switchTheme?: string    // Switch Theme
  selectLanguage?: string // Select Language
  logout?: string         // Logout
}
```

### chatI18n

```typescript
{
  loading?: string            // Loading
  thinking?: string           // Thinking
  checkAll?: string           // Select All
  shareFor?: string           // Share to
  copyUrl?: string            // Link
  cancelShare?: string        // Cancel Share
  sendError?: string          // Send Failed
  networkError?: string       // Network Error
  createConversation?: string // New Chat
}
```

### chatItemI18n

```typescript
{
  thinking?: string             // Thinking
  deepThinkingFinished?: string // Deep thinking finished
  deepThinkingExpand?: string   // Expand deep thinking
  copy?: string                 // Copy
  replay?: string               // Regenerate
  share?: string                // Share
  good?: string                 // Like
  bad?: string                  // Dislike
  thxForGood?: string           // Thanks for liking
  thxForBad?: string            // Thanks for feedback
  references?: string           // References
}
```

### senderI18n

```typescript
{
  placeholder?: string       // Input placeholder
  placeholderMobile?: string // Mobile input placeholder
  uploadImg?: string         // Upload image
  startRecord?: string       // Start recording
  stopRecord?: string        // Stop recording
  answering?: string         // Answering
  notSupport?: string        // Not supported
  uploadError?: string       // Upload failed
  recordTooLong?: string     // Recording too long
  asrServiceFailed?: string  // ASR service failed
  recordFailed?: string      // Recording failed
}
```

## API Mode Configuration

Configure API paths via `apiConfig`, the component will automatically fetch data via HTTP requests. `apiConfig` extends `AxiosRequestConfig`, allowing configuration of `baseURL`, `headers`, `timeout` and other Axios request parameters:

```javascript
ADPChatComponent.init('#chat-container', {
  apiConfig: {
    // Axios request config
    baseURL: 'https://api.example.com',
    timeout: 30000,
    headers: {
      'Authorization': 'Bearer token'
    }
  }
})
```

## Mode Description

### Fill Container Mode

Component fills the entire container, suitable for standalone pages:

```javascript
ADPChatComponent.init('#chat-container', {
  isOverlay: false
})
```

### Overlay Mode

Component displays as a floating panel with fixed dimensions, suitable for embedding in existing pages:

```javascript
ADPChatComponent.init('#chat-container', {
  isOverlay: true,
  width: 400,
  height: 640
})
```

## Unmount Component

```javascript
// Unmount component from specified container
ADPChatComponent.unmount('#chat-container')
```

## Type Definitions

### UserInfo

```typescript
interface UserInfo {
  avatarUrl?: string   // Avatar URL
  avatarName?: string  // Avatar display name
  name?: string        // Username
}
```

### LanguageOption

```typescript
interface LanguageOption {
  key: string    // Language identifier, e.g., 'en-US'
  value: string  // Display name, e.g., 'English'
}
```

### Application

```typescript
interface Application {
  ApplicationId: string
  Name: string
  Avatar: string
  Greeting: string
  OpeningQuestions: string[]
}
```

### ChatConversation

```typescript
interface ChatConversation {
  Id: string
  AccountId: string
  Title: string
  LastActiveAt: number
  CreatedAt: number
  ApplicationId: string
}
```

Commit message:

fix(client): add missing English translations for recording failure error prompts

docs/content/docs/en/components/init/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Init Component
description: Dynamically mount chat component using the init method
---

import { PropsTable, EventsTable } from '@/components/docs/api-table';

Use the `init` method to dynamically mount the chat component to any DOM container, suitable for all scenarios requiring dynamic chat interface creation.

```typescript
ADPChatComponent.init(container?: string, config?: ChatConfig)
```

### Parameters

| Parameter | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| container | `string` | `'body'` | CSS selector for mount container |
| config | `ChatConfig` | - | Configuration options |

### Return Value

Returns Vue component instance for subsequent operations.

## ChatConfig Options

<PropsTable data={[
  { name: 'container', type: 'string', default: "'body'", description: 'Mount container selector' },
  { name: 'apiConfig', type: 'ApiConfig', description: 'HTTP request config, extends AxiosRequestConfig' },
  { name: 'theme', type: "'light' | 'dark'", default: "'light'", description: 'Theme mode' },
  { name: 'user', type: 'UserInfo', default: '{}', description: 'User info' },
  { name: 'logoUrl', type: 'string', default: "''", description: 'Logo image URL' },
  { name: 'logoTitle', type: 'string', default: "''", description: 'Logo title text' },
  { name: 'isOverlay', type: 'boolean', default: 'false', description: 'Overlay mode: true-use width/height as floating panel, false-fill container' },
  { name: 'isSidePanelOverlay', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Whether sidebar uses overlay mode (overlay content area)' },
  { name: 'width', type: 'string | number', default: '400', description: 'Width (only when isOverlay is true)' },
  { name: 'height', type: 'string | number', default: "'640'", description: 'Height (only when isOverlay is true)' },
  { name: 'isOpen', type: 'boolean', description: 'Whether panel is open' },
  { name: 'onOpenChange', type: '(isOpen: boolean) => void', description: 'Panel open state change callback' },
  { name: 'showCloseButton', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Show close button' },
  { name: 'showOverlayButton', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Show overlay toggle button' },
  { name: 'onOverlayChange', type: '(isOverlay: boolean) => void', description: 'Overlay toggle callback (triggered when user clicks overlay button)' },
  { name: 'showToggleButton', type: 'boolean', default: 'true', description: 'Show floating toggle button' },
  { name: 'maxAppLen', type: 'number', default: '4', description: 'Max application display count' },
  { name: 'currentApplication', type: 'Application', description: 'Currently selected application' },
  { name: 'currentApplicationId', type: 'string', description: 'Currently selected application ID (higher priority than currentApplication)' },
  { name: 'currentConversation', type: 'ChatConversation', description: 'Currently selected conversation' },
  { name: 'currentConversationId', type: 'string', description: 'Currently selected conversation ID (higher priority than currentConversation)' },
  { name: 'aiWarningText', type: 'string', default: "'AI generated content'", description: 'AI warning text' },
  { name: 'languageOptions', type: 'LanguageOption[]', default: 'zh/en', description: 'Language options list' },
  { name: 'sideI18n', type: 'SideI18n', description: 'Sidebar i18n text' },
  { name: 'chatI18n', type: 'ChatI18n', description: 'Chat i18n text' },
  { name: 'chatItemI18n', type: 'ChatItemI18n', description: 'ChatItem i18n text' },
  { name: 'senderI18n', type: 'SenderI18n', description: 'Sender i18n text' },
]} />

## i18n Configuration

### sideI18n

```typescript
{
  more?: string           // More
  collapse?: string       // Collapse
  today?: string          // Today
  recent?: string         // Recent
  switchTheme?: string    // Switch Theme
  selectLanguage?: string // Select Language
  logout?: string         // Logout
}
```

### chatI18n

```typescript
{
  loading?: string            // Loading
  thinking?: string           // Thinking
  checkAll?: string           // Select All
  shareFor?: string           // Share to
  copyUrl?: string            // Link
  cancelShare?: string        // Cancel Share
  sendError?: string          // Send Failed
  networkError?: string       // Network Error
  createConversation?: string // New Chat
}
```

### chatItemI18n

```typescript
{
  thinking?: string             // Thinking
  deepThinkingFinished?: string // Deep thinking finished
  deepThinkingExpand?: string   // Expand deep thinking
  copy?: string                 // Copy
  replay?: string               // Regenerate
  share?: string                // Share
  good?: string                 // Like
  bad?: string                  // Dislike
  thxForGood?: string           // Thanks for liking
  thxForBad?: string            // Thanks for feedback
  references?: string           // References
}
```

### senderI18n

```typescript
{
  placeholder?: string       // Input placeholder
  placeholderMobile?: string // Mobile input placeholder
  uploadImg?: string         // Upload image
  startRecord?: string       // Start recording
  stopRecord?: string        // Stop recording
  answering?: string         // Answering
  notSupport?: string        // Not supported
  uploadError?: string       // Upload failed
  recordTooLong?: string     // Recording too long
  asrServiceFailed?: string  // ASR service failed
  recordFailed?: string      // Recording failed
  chromeSecurityError?: string // Chrome security restriction for recording
  browserNotSupport?: string   // Browser does not support recording
  audioContextNotSupport?: string // Browser does not support AudioContext
  webAudioApiNotSupport?: string  // Browser does not support Web Audio API
  mediaStreamSourceNotSupport?: string // MediaStreamSource not supported
}
```

## API Mode Configuration

Configure API paths via `apiConfig`, the component will automatically fetch data via HTTP requests. `apiConfig` extends `AxiosRequestConfig`, allowing configuration of `baseURL`, `headers`, `timeout` and other Axios request parameters:

```javascript
ADPChatComponent.init('#chat-container', {
  apiConfig: {
    // Axios request config
    baseURL: 'https://api.example.com',
    timeout: 30000,
    headers: {
      'Authorization': 'Bearer token'
    }
  }
})
```

## Mode Description

### Fill Container Mode

Component fills the entire container, suitable for standalone pages:

```javascript
ADPChatComponent.init('#chat-container', {
  isOverlay: false
})
```

### Overlay Mode

Component displays as a floating panel with fixed dimensions, suitable for embedding in existing pages:

```javascript
ADPChatComponent.init('#chat-container', {
  isOverlay: true,
  width: 400,
  height: 640
})
```

## Unmount Component

```javascript
// Unmount component from specified container
ADPChatComponent.unmount('#chat-container')
```

## Type Definitions

### UserInfo

```typescript
interface UserInfo {
  avatarUrl?: string   // Avatar URL
  avatarName?: string  // Avatar display name
  name?: string        // Username
}
```

### LanguageOption

```typescript
interface LanguageOption {
  key: string    // Language identifier, e.g., 'en-US'
  value: string  // Display name, e.g., 'English'
}
```

### Application

```typescript
interface Application {
  ApplicationId: string
  Name: string
  Avatar: string
  Greeting: string
  OpeningQuestions: string[]
}
```

### ChatConversation

```typescript
interface ChatConversation {
  Id: string
  AccountId: string
  Title: string
  LastActiveAt: number
  CreatedAt: number
  ApplicationId: string
}
```
